doc: update readme with bun changes (#2238)
regen-network/regen-web: README.md

  - [Code style](#code-style)
  - [Typography](#typography)
    - [Sizing guide](#sizing-guide)
  - [Netlify](#netlify)
    - [Debugging Netlify deploys](#debugging-netlify-deploys)

## Installation

This project uses [bun](https://bun.sh/) with [bun workspaces](https://bun.sh/docs/install/workspaces) to manage multiple packages:

- `web-marketplace`: Registry React application
- `web-components`: React components and [material-ui](https://material-ui.com/) custom theme
- `web-storybook`: [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) config
- `web-auth`: React application used for Auth0 Custom Universal Login

> [Lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna) is also used to make release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna) is also used to bump packages versions and push new releases.
```
